It is said that Prince Xue is an upright person
I didn't expect it to be all your sinister hands
Cunning generation
Attack my brother Yan Shi
Can't save anymore
If you cure your wife today
No one can let us leave Phoenix one step further
The water of the Yellow River comes from the sky
Run to the sea and never return
Wonderful wonderful
It's really a famous sentence through the ages
Young man, I see you look good
Must read poetry
Why don't you accompany me
Have a drink and then we'll recite poetry together
Wouldn't it be nice?
I don't drink alcohol.
Not to mention poetry
What animal?
That's Phoenix Mountain
Don't be disabled
You come out
Good boy, you found out
Take your wife and leave Phoenix Mountain immediately
Otherwise, don't blame us for being rude.
Offended